this is eleanor the motherland's
youngest trainee
all she wanted was to be a real fairy
godmother
recite it with me please a glittery gown
turns around upside down
i know that i can do this i'm gonna
prove that people
still need fairy godmothers
[Music]
i'm looking for mackenzie walsh let's
see what we can find
siri search mackenzie walsh okay
here's what i found who said that is
there a genie in there
don't answer that i'm looking for a sad
little girl named mackenzie walsh
that is me no it can't be you you're
old have you seen yourself security
me again i'm your fairy godmother back
off lady
morning oh good you're awake too
is this your true love not anymore life
isn't always a fairy tale i
came all this way to help you find your
heart's desire you know what you need
the makeover what have you done to my
eyebrows
magic my house i know right
you turn my dog into a pig this bell got
away from me
oh it's okay he's just here to help with
the housework
i know you want to help her
life isn't as simple as happily ever
after fine after all nine out of ten
fairy tales begin with once upon a time
something amazing happened while she was
drinking wine in her sweatpants
i've been trapped in the fairy tale when
the real world is full of so much more
you're starting to believe in magic
aren't you are you sure i can't make you
a ball gown before i go
hey please wait no please don't
oh no
[Music]
nice dress is it new don't be mad
don't be mad